Intro-

The modern world is full of distractions. Distractions from just living in the moment. The way that I pull myself back in from this world of monotonous scrolling and instant gratification is simple. Driving my car. The sounds it makes, the way I feel accelerating, it encapsulates me. The night I got it, though, I hated it. I didn't want to get rid of my old scion tc, my first car.  It had more miles than I could care to remember, but it was home. It taught me how to drive, and I didn't want to get rid of it. However, change isn't always bad. An upgrade could feel wrong at first, a long shot from where you came from, but it gets so much better as you go along with it. 

The new, sleek white car's headlights turn on, the starter spins the car to life, and I hear the engine roar on this cold Christmas eve night. I loved it and hated it at the same time. It was louder that the older 2.4 liter inline four engine I was accustomed to, and this new car had something I hadn't yet felt in real life before. A manual transmission and a turbocharger. It was nothing short of a racing car to me. But I didn't want to let the old one go. It taught me how to drive, how to go fast, and how to appreciate something that might not be the best, but is what you have. The tc wasn't the fastest car, it wasn't manual, it wasn't a race car at all. But the new GTI was. I didn't care though. I told my dad to just sell me the old car, he was only getting $2,000 for it anyway. But he tells me that this upgrade is something that I can live with forever. Pulling away that night in the new car with my dad driving, tears streamed from my eyes seeing the old car go. I loved it. But I was on to bigger and better things, and this new german sports car was definitely an upgrade. 

In the following weeks, the car grew on me as I learned to drive it. I stalled so many times, the car jerking around as I awkwardly tried to finesse the third pedal with my left foot. But soon enough, I got it. I didn't have my license yet, but I would in a couple months. So driving with my dad as a passenger, I'd go to Clifton's roads and try to go as fast as possible. The new car's power was enthralling. The high pitched whine of the turbocharger, the roaring sounds coming from the exhaust, and all while being in total control of the gears, rowing from one to the next, it was bliss. 

Once I got my license, it was different. I could do everything on my own. My dad would limit me, I couldn't go too fast, take a corner too quickly, and he dictated where I went on these winding roads. But now I could. So, taking my car to the forest roads surrounding Clifton, I found a new passion. The car responded beautifully to anything I told it to. The back end of the car rotated perfectly as I would press down on the right pedal, putting the front of the car in position to power out of any corner. It would push me back into my seat, screaming at me to shift gears, popping and banging as I let off the throttle. It was perfect. Even while cruising on the long parkways back to my home after these hard runs on the street, it was quiet and controlled. The steering response and suspension would soften electronically, making for a refined experience. It was like the car had two personalities, living a double life of a quiet suburban hatchback during the day, but at night would leave residents wondering what kind of monster was lurking in the woods as I raced down the streets. 

I've come to love this car more than anything as it takes me everywhere I could dream of, taking me to work, school, and everywhere in between. It's subtly aggressive looks and driving experience would make me come to love it, and anyone who I've driven in it has called me insane, but said that they loved every moment of it. The car is still exactly as it came from the factory, save for some tint, but soon I'll get performance modifications to make it even faster, and personalize it to make it stand out. Whenever I need to clear my mind, it's there for me. Bored and scrolling? Why not take a drive. It beckons me to push it at every turn, and that's why I have come to love my GTI.

